Fixing sections about benchmarking disk performance (#1600)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_storage-guidelines.adoc

Ensure your installation has a speed in the range 60 - 80 Megabytes per second.

ifdef::satellite[]
You can use the `storage-benchmark` script to get this data.

> See the Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase solution https://access.redhat.com/solutions/3397771[Impact of Disk Speed on Satellite Operations] for more information on using the `storage-benchmark` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on using the `storage-benchmark` script, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/3397771[Impact of Disk Speed on {Project} Operations].
```

Author: Wording looks better, but "Impact of Disk Speed on Satellite Operations" is a name of the article. Should I add `if satellite`?
